Update UniFi Protect local user setup for new interface workflow (#41702)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/unifiprotect.markdown

but it is not required. The entities that are created will automatically adjust based on the permissions of the user you
use has.

{% important %}
**New UniFi OS Interface**: If your UniFi OS console is running the newer interface (typically the default for recent versions), you will need to switch to the Legacy interface to create a local user. The option to create local-only users is not available in the new interface.
{% endimportant %}

#### Creating a local user

> 1. Login to your _Local Portal_ on your UniFi OS device by accessing it directly by IP address (e.g. _192.168.1.1_).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Login to your _Local Portal_ on your UniFi OS device by accessing it directly by IP address (For example,  _192.168.1.1_).  
```
